. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --enable-gold
ac_add_options --enable-pie

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-optimize --disable-debug
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-telemetry
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols

ac_add_options --with-app-basename=icecat
ac_add_options --with-app-name=icecat

STRIP_FLAGS="--strip-debug"

# vim:set ft=sh:
